okay what is going on you guys this is
your boy Griffin 11 and I know it's been
a while it has been a while I haven't
made a video in a week so right now I'm
making the video right now to keep all
of you guys updated and to let you guys
know that I'm still alive and active and
right now I'm not going to be really
talking about that right now I'm showing
off some NBA live 14 gameplay I have no
idea what to call this thing it says
actual in-game footage but that's pretty
much the topic that I'm going to be
talking about today because as you can
see it says actual in-game footage and
obviously this is a trailer now I've
been looking on the internet and on
YouTube and stuff like that and I
noticed that all of the EA Games have
had this have had that wording actual
in-game footage so when people are
looking at at the trailer but this is
the trailer if you guys don't know this
is a trailer but it's saying but I not
saying but it actually says actual
in-game footage and pretty much every EA
game has that and people still think
that it's actual gameplay and if you
rewind this tape back okay you can see
that he tries to UM play around with the
ball pause but yeah he's just dribbling
the ball and then he picks up his
dribble and then he dribbles again and I
saw Elise I don't know how many videos
at least five at least five videos of
people saying oh man that that's a huge
problem I mean the Kyrie Irving just
traveled right there Oh watch how EA
like come on guys I mean I know that in
the past that
yay has pretty much been on the cold
streak with their video games but come
on guys I mean how are you going to I
mean how are you going to cheap shot EA
with crap like this saying oh oh watch
out beaten being because you know it
says actual in-game footage and you know
it be traveled in the in-game footage
part which is a actual trailer will then
the game's gonna actually be traveling
and that's wrong because as you can see
right now right here you can see Kyrie
Irving in the background on on the NBA
live 14 you can see them and he's kind
of like dribbling the ball on the screen
and it's just practice mode and the only
thing that I'm actually concerned of is
the fact that the players are skinny and
the player should be skinny okay so I
have no problem with the players being
skinny because basketball players or
chapeau not not sure post no but they're
supposed to be skinny and tall and long
but this character of Kyrie Irving he's
a little bit too tall if you guys
understand what I'm trying to say like
in this view he seems a little bit too
tall light he seems like he's like 610
in this game like right here be because
of just how like tall he is hopefully it
doesn't turn out like that but yeah he
is pretty tall when he is in this little
practice mode but as you can see he's
not traveling he's just doing a few
dribble moves and it looks fine I mean I
don't know why people are freaking out
because in the trailer or the actual
in-game footage it shows him picking up
the ball and then dribbling it again and
people are like oh man that's a travel
like EA man um I I know it man I mean eh
is bad i mean they've always like come
on like really and and pretty much like
the first video that kind of explained
the travel issue was ipodkingcarter now
not disagreeing with I with a
ipodkingcarter but after ipodkingcarter
talked about this um pretty much after
that everybody else made made a video
pretty much like copying him saying oh
man you you guys man you guys better
watch out because you know the travel
issue and stuff like that and I gotta
tell you guys it's SBS alright so um
yeah that's pretty much it that's all I
really have to say I have to do some
homework right now because I'm back in
school and ever since high school
started it's been kind of tough to make
a video so that's why I haven't been so
active so I thank you guys for watching
um please uh please like this video and
subscribe if you loved it so uh thank
you